docs/general/setup.md, before:

# Project setup

> Though, this sounds like some advices, we at Kreativgebiet/Fintory **want** our people to follow those things and setup a project exactly like this.

## Table of Contents (please follow the order)

1. [Cloning of repository & setup of repository](#cloning-of-repository--setup-of-repository)
2. [Enable CircleCI builds](#enable-circleci-builds)
3. [Create Coveralls.io project](#create-coverallsio-project)
4. [Setup of GitHub repository](#setup-of-github-repository)
5. [Push your first commit](#push-your-first-commit)

## Cloning of repository & setup of repository

Clone the repository and remove the `.git` folder with the following command, otherwise you are always pushing to the `kickup-react` repository on GitHub:

```sh
$ git clone kreativgebiet/kickup-react PROJECT_NAME # or https://github.com/kreativgebiet/kickup-react.git
$ cd PROJECT_NAME && rm -rf .git
```

Now, go to Github.com and create a repository and add the remote to your local repository.

## Enable CircleCI builds

Go to circleci.com, login and add the repository you want to enable the CI for. No need for any additional setup. The `.circleci` folder will automatically handle everything for you.

## Create Coveralls.io project

> We are striving for 100% coverage. However, the coverage threshold is set to  80%. Be sure to be over the threshold, otherwise the build won't succeed.

Go to coveralls.io, login and add the repository you want to enable a coverage report for. Be sure to change the repository in the README.md also.

## Setup of GitHub Repository

Go to the GitHub repository settings of your project and then navigate to the tab "Branches". After this, add a [Branch protection](https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/) for each of the "base" branches (mostly "develop" and "master").

#### This should look like this:

![](protected-branch.jpg)

## Push your first commit

You should now, what to do from now on. If not, please first read a git tutorial. ~~If you have any other questions regarding the repository, please refer to the FAQ section.~~

Commit message:

mention the environment variables for coveralls support

docs/general/setup.md, after:

# Project setup

> Though, this sounds like some advices, we at Kreativgebiet/Fintory **want** our people to follow those things and setup a project exactly like this.

## Table of Contents (please follow the order)

1. [Cloning of repository & setup of repository](#cloning-of-repository--setup-of-repository)
2. [Enable CircleCI builds](#enable-circleci-builds)
3. [Create Coveralls.io project](#create-coverallsio-project)
4. [Setup of GitHub repository](#setup-of-github-repository)
5. [Push your first commit](#push-your-first-commit)

## Cloning of repository & setup of repository

Clone the repository and remove the `.git` folder with the following command, otherwise you are always pushing to the `kickup-react` repository on GitHub:

```sh
$ git clone kreativgebiet/kickup-react PROJECT_NAME # or https://github.com/kreativgebiet/kickup-react.git
$ cd PROJECT_NAME && rm -rf .git
```

Now, go to Github.com and create a repository and add the remote to your local repository.

## Enable CircleCI builds

Go to circleci.com, login and add the repository you want to enable the CI for. No need for any additional setup. The `.circleci` folder will automatically handle everything for you.

## Create Coveralls.io project

> We are striving for 100% coverage. However, the coverage threshold is set to  80%. Be sure to be over the threshold, otherwise the build won't succeed.

Go to coveralls.io, login and add the repository you want to enable a coverage report for. Be sure to change the repository in the README.md also.

To make Coveralls work, you may add the Repository Token and Service Name in your CircleCI settings.
Your repository token (from the Coveralls.io Settings page) needs to go into the "Environment Variables" settings as `COVERALLS_REPO_TOKEN`. The `COVERALLS_SERVICE_NAME` needs to be `circleci`.

## Setup of GitHub Repository

Go to the GitHub repository settings of your project and then navigate to the tab "Branches". After this, add a [Branch protection](https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/) for each of the "base" branches (mostly "develop" and "master").

#### This should look like this:

![](protected-branch.jpg)

## Push your first commit

You should now, what to do from now on. If not, please first read a git tutorial. ~~If you have any other questions regarding the repository, please refer to the FAQ section.~~
